Please, Your Majesty, help me.
Ah, the familiar formula.
The familiar taste.
Every time, Consort Yan plays the villain and then complains first.
I’m always the one blamed.
Looks like she’s about to make trouble again today.
I came with good intentions to visit Consort Rong,
but she won’t even get out of bed.
I am a consort personally appointed by the Emperor,
and she dares to be so bold.
Consort Rong?
Is that so?
What’s the Emperor’s real intention here?
Reply to the Emperor.
I truly couldn’t get up due to illness,
and indeed, I neglected Consort.
If Consort wants to punish me,
then I’ll kneel.
Why are you kneeling?
I ordered the Consort to kneel.
Oh.
Your Majesty, are you joking?
I am the Son of Heaven,
I never joke.
Do you dare to question me?
Why is it that when Consort Rong made a mistake,
the Emperor punishes me instead?
Consort Rong is unwell.
It’s permitted by me.
Consort Rong doesn’t need to greet anyone.
How?
Does this Consort have more respect than me?
I dare not.
What’s going on?
In my previous life, I never saw
the Emperor willing to punish his beloved consort.
Ah.
Ah, you’re startled.
Tonight, follow me to the Yangxin Hall.
You’ll stay there in secret.
What?
Yangxin Hall?
Is the Emperor out of his mind?
He kissed you and now wants me to attend to him?
Your Majesty, this doesn’t seem right.
It’s fine.
There’s no need to be so particular about these minor details between us.
Ah.
In the flow of time.
Good.
Good, a person flies.